Port content from magento/devdocs contribution guidelines (#111)
AdobeDocs/commerce-contributor: src/pages/guides/doc-contributions/index.md

Share your knowledge with the community by contributing to Commerce technical documentation! We welcome all types of contributions; from minor typo fixes to new topics.

You can contribute by creating an issue or pull request (PR) in one of our GitHub repositories. Click one of the following buttons at the top of any documentation page:

![Edit or report an issue on GitHub](../../_images/edit-report.png)

Adobe staff members and [community maintainers](../maintainers/) review issues and pull requests on a regular basis. We do our best to address all issues as soon as possible, but working through the backlog takes time. We appreciate your patience.

## Contributor attribution

> If you write and contribute a new topic, we will add your name (or your company's name) at the top of the page and link it to your GitHub profile (or company website)! For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you write and contribute a new topic, we add your name (or your company's name) at the top of the page and link it to your GitHub profile (or company website)! For example:
```

![Contributor attribution](../../_images/contributor-attribution-example.png)

## Get started

![Get started workflow](../../_images/contribute-prerequisites.png)

1. Make sure you have a [GitHub account](https://github.com/signup/free).
1. Fork the [AdobeDocs](https://github.com/topics/adobe-commerce-devsite) repository that you want to contribute to. Remember to [sync your fork](https://help.github.com/articles/syncing-a-fork/) and update branches as needed.
1. Review the [contribution guidelines](#contribution-guidelines).

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text" />

> If you use a fork instead of a branch, please set permissions to allow maintainers to edit and update the PR. See [Allowing changes to a pull request branch created from a fork](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/allowing-changes-to-a-pull-request-branch-created-from-a-fork) in the _GitHub documentation_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a fork instead of a branch, set permissions to allow maintainers to edit and update the PR. See [Allowing changes to a pull request branch created from a fork](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/allowing-changes-to-a-pull-request-branch-created-from-a-fork) in the _GitHub documentation_.
```

## Contribute documentation

The following diagram shows the contribution workflow:

![Contributing workflow](../../_images/contribute-write-submit-pr.png)

### Project boards

> All issues and PRs are automatically added to the following GitHub project boards"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New issues and PRs automatically appear in the following GitHub project boards:
```

- [Commerce - Issues](https://github.com/orgs/AdobeDocs/projects/6/views/1)—If you are not sure where to start contributing, search for issues with the `help wanted` and `good first issue` labels. These issues receive higher priority for processing.
- [Commerce - Pull Requests](https://github.com/orgs/AdobeDocs/projects/5/views/1)—Track the progress of all PRs.

### Create a branch

> 1. Create a new branch from your fork using a name that best describes the work or references a GitHub issue number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a branch from your fork using a name that best describes the work or references a GitHub issue number.
```

-  Get recognized on the Adobe web site for writing new topics! Add your name and a link to your company website or GitHub profile to the file metadata so that we can display it on the page. See [Edit metadata](#edit-metadata).
-  We no longer recognize individual community members who contribute features to the Magento 2 codebase in the corresponding feature topic(s) in the documentation. Adobe recognizes these contributions in more appropriate channels (for example, the [Magento DevBlog](https://community.magento.com/t5/Magento-DevBlog/bg-p/devblog)).

## Tips for writing content

Use the following guidelines to help you with the writing process:

-  Focus your efforts on providing useful information for your fellow Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source developers and community members. For example, consider providing or revising code samples, important notes, and clarifying vague or ambiguous content.
-  Define the goal of your topic. What exactly do you want to teach the reader?
-  Make the title of your topic reflect the content.
-  Keep your sentences concise. Separate conceptual information from procedural steps.

> -  Batch several small changes into a single pull request (instead of separate ones) to ensure your contributions are approved and merged quickly. Have several typo fixes across several areas of documentation? Combine them into a single PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Batch several small changes into a single pull request (instead of separate ones) to ensure that your contributions are approved and merged quickly. Have several typo fixes across several areas of documentation? Combine them into a single PR.
```

-  Remember to write in present tense, use the second person, and use active voice (not passive). For example, _"The log captures commands, output..."_.
-  Use notes to alert readers about important details.

> -  Use cross-references to other topics sparingly. We can help you with the syntax if it is not clear. The template provides an example you can use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Use cross-references to other topics sparingly. We can help you with the syntax if it is not clear. The template provides an example that you can use.
```
